.net sdk release notes added 1.6.9 (#6870)
harness/developer-hub: release-notes/feature-flags.md

 - Refactored the evaluation logic to remove inefficiencies in the `GetAttr(ibute)` function. (FFM-11332)
 - Upgraded the Go SDK version in analytics. 

### .NET SDK

#### Version 1.6.9

**New features and enhancements**:

>  - Adding SDK support for `AND/OR` rules - **feature not GA yet**. (FFM-11242)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Added SDK support for `AND/OR` rules - **feature not GA yet**. (FFM-11242)
```

>  - You can use `target-segments v2-rule` parameter. (FFM-11363)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - You can now use the `target-segments v2-rule` parameter. (FFM-11363)
```

**Fixed issues**:

>  - Fixes a `Null Pointer Exception` that would occur if a `null` target was used in an evaluation when analytics is enabled. (FFM-11537, ZD-63847)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Fixed a `Null Pointer Exception` that occurred when a `null` target was used in an evaluation with analytics enabled. (FFM-11537, ZD-63847)
```
